Update qchem.md (#686)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Applications/gaussian.md

`sbatch g16.slurm`

> For large size jobs, which may have extensive I/O for reading and writing scratch files, using nodes with a local disk would improve job performance. To request nodes with local disk, use the --tmp option in the job submission script (e.g. --tmp=1600000). Note that all of the Bigmem nodes have a local disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For large size jobs, which may have extensive I/O for reading and writing scratch files, using nodes with a local disk would improve job performance. To request standard CPU nodes with local disk, use the `nvme` partition by adding `--partition=nvme` to your job script.  Note that all of the Bigmem nodes have a local disk.

```
